<!DOCTYPE html><meta charset="utf8"/>

#### On Fri Mar 27 05:05:50 CET 2020

Hi Michel ... i am Kena, Roland's student ...
i saw this on the internet and saw your post about the vibes

If you want to understand the universe, think about energy, frequency, and vibration. N. Tesla.

Like any other virus, (COVID-19) has a low vibration with a closed
electromagnetic circuit structure, with a resonance frequency of
approximately 5.5 Hz - 14.5 Hz.

In the higher ranges it is not active and, from the 25.5 Hz and higher
ranges, the virus dies ....  For a person who lives in high vibrations,
that is, in the Soul, it is not more dangerous than acute respiratory
infections, because the body of a healthy man "vibrates" in the higher
ranges. Only occasionally, for various reasons, it slides in lower
vibrations.  The reasons for this can be various disorders in the energy
balance ... (fatigue, emotional exhaustion, hypothermia, chronic diseases,
nervous tension, etc.) ....

The virus in nature, outside the body, is not resistant ...
The total average frequency resonance of the Earth is today 27.4 Hz, and
therefore would be destructive to the virus, but there are places where
this frequency is reduced, that is, geopathic zones created naturally or
artificially ...
(hospitals , prisons, power lines, subways and public
electric vehicles, shopping malls, offices, drinking places, etc.)
where vibrations fall below 20 Hz ...

* PAIN - 0.1 to 2 Hz;
* FEAR - 0.2 to 2.2 Hz
* RESENT - 0.6 to 3.3 Hz
* IRRITATION - from 0.9 to 3.8 Hz;
* DISORDER - from 0.6 to 1.9 Hz;
* HIGH TEMPERATURE - 0.9 Hz;
* START OF FURY - 0.5 Hz,
* RAGE - 1.4 Hz;
* PRIDE - 0.8 Hz;
* PRIDE (megalomania) - 3.1 Hz;
* ABANDONMENT - 1.5 Hz;
* SUPERIORITY - 1.9 Hz;
Instead..
* GENEROSITY - 95 Hz;
* GRATITUDE (thanks) - 45 Hz;
* GRATITUDE OF HEART - 140 Hz and more;
* SENSE OF UNITY WITH OTHER PEOPLE - 144 Hz and more;
* COMPASSION - 150 Hz and above (but mercy is only 3 Hz);
* LOVE (as is often said with the head), that is, when a person understands
  that love is a good feeling, bright and of great strength, but has not
  yet learned to love with the heart, the vibration - 50 Hz;
* THE LOVE that a person feels with his heart towards all people without
  exception and all living beings - from 150 Hz and more; UNCONDITIONAL
* LOVE - [205 Hz][205] and more.

<audio controls=1 loop=1 src=https://ipfs.io/ipfs/Qmb8FTRDkz4zwQzSswS6TfsLcZJC64KhvJw4YzLu3FK4GH
></audio>

For millennia, the frequency of our planet has been 7.6 Hz.
Physicists call it the Schumann resonance and it is due to the shock
generated by lightning in the space between the earth and the ionosphere,
which acts as a waveguide and resonator.
The man was comfortable in these conditions, since the vibration frequency
of his energy field had the same parameters - 7.6 - 7.8 Hz.

However, the Schumann frequency has started to increase rapidly.
We follow the dynamics:

* January 1995 - 7.80 Hz,
* January 2000 - 9.30 Hz,
* January 2007 - 9.80 Hz,
* January 2012 - 11.10 Hz,
* January 2013 - 13.74 Hz,
* January 2014 - 14.86 Hz,
* February 2014 - 14.99 Hz;
* March 2014 - 15.07 Hz;
* April 2014 - 15.15 Hz.
* (We reached [170Hz][170] in 2020)

Although we consider the situation from the scientific point of view,
it becomes evident that a person who does not increase his vibrations
will soon leave the earth plane in one way or another, and neither the
high social spheres nor the accumulated capital will help him ...

So we must not be afraid!  You can increase the vibrations by working with
yourself and by stimulating behaviors of conscious unity and love. Any
negative emotion closes the access to consciousness.

Author: Renata Beffa.<br>
do you agree?<br>
hope you are feeling much better everyday<br>
Lots of love from La Serena, Chile<br>
🙏



[170]: http://onlinetonegenerator.com/?freq=170
[205]: http://onlinetonegenerator.com/?freq=205
